README.md, before:

# Countarr

A beautiful, Grafana-inspired statistics dashboard for your media server stack. Track downloads, quality upgrades, playback activity, and more from Radarr, Sonarr, Bazarr, Prowlarr, Jellyseerr, and Emby/Jellyfin.

<img width="1756" height="942" alt="dashboard-preview" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2ee78c3-d098-418d-8ebf-e16e98111d7d" />

## Features

### Download Statistics
- Total downloads over time (by app)
- Download volume (GB per day)
- Activity heatmap (by hour and day of week)
- Downloads by source app distribution

### Quality Analytics
- Resolution distribution (480p, 720p, 1080p, 4K)
- Source distribution (BluRay, WEB-DL, HDTV, etc.)
- Codec distribution (x264, x265, AV1)
- Quality score trends over time
- Quality upgrade flow (Sankey diagram)

### Release Group Tracking
- Top release groups by count and size
- Favorite release groups monitoring
- Release group loyalty percentage

### Upgrade Tracking
- Upgrades per day
- Most upgraded items
- Average time between upgrades
- Full upgrade path visualization per item

### Playback Statistics (Emby/Jellyfin)
- Watch time over time
- Most watched content
- Watched vs unwatched ratio
- "Shame list" - downloaded but never watched

### Indexer Performance (Prowlarr)
- Success rates per indexer
- Response time trends
- Downloads by indexer distribution

### Records & Extremes
- Biggest file ever downloaded
- Most upgraded item
- Busiest download day
- Longest upgrade wait

## Quick Start

### Docker (Recommended)

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name countarr \
  -p 7474:7474 \
  -v countarr_data:/app/data \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest
```

Or with Docker Compose, create a `docker-compose.yml`:

```yaml
version: '3.8'
services:
  countarr:
    image: ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest
    container_name: countarr
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - "7474:7474"
    volumes:
      - countarr_data:/app/data

volumes:
  countarr_data:
```

Then run:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Access the dashboard at `http://localhost:7474` and follow the setup wizard.

### Unraid

1. Go to **Docker** > **Add Container**
2. Set the following:
   - **Repository**: `ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest`
   - **Port**: `7474` -> `7474`
   - **Path**: `/app/data` -> `/mnt/user/appdata/countarr`
3. Click **Apply**

### Manual Installation (Development)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/khchop/countarr.git
cd countarr
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

For production:
```bash
pnpm build
pnpm start
```

## Configuration

### Service Connections

All service connections (Radarr, Sonarr, etc.) are configured through the web interface:

1. On first launch, the setup wizard will guide you through connecting your first service
2. To add more services later, go to **Settings** in the sidebar
3. Click **Add Connection** and enter:
   - Service type (Radarr, Sonarr, etc.)
   - Connection name
   - URL (e.g., `http://localhost:7878`)
   - API key

Each connection is tested before saving to ensure it works correctly.

### Environment Variables

Only minimal server configuration uses environment variables:

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `PORT` | Server port | `7474` |
| `DATABASE_PATH` | SQLite database path | `./data/countarr.db` |

### Getting API Keys

- **Radarr/Sonarr/Prowlarr**: Settings > General > Security > API Key
- **Bazarr**: Settings > General > Security > API Key
- **Jellyseerr**: Settings > General > API Key
- **Emby**: Dashboard > API Keys > New API Key
- **Jellyfin**: Dashboard > API Keys > Add API Key

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js, Fastify, TypeScript
- **Frontend**: React, Vite, TailwindCSS
- **Database**: SQLite with Drizzle ORM
- **Charts**: Apache ECharts
- **State Management**: TanStack Query, Zustand

## Project Structure

```
countarr/
├── docker/              # Docker configuration
├── packages/
│   ├── server/          # Backend API
│   │   ├── src/
│   │   │   ├── api/     # Fastify routes
│   │   │   ├── clients/ # *arr API clients
│   │   │   ├── collectors/ # Data sync
│   │   │   ├── db/      # Database schema
│   │   │   ├── stats/   # Stat calculators
│   │   │   └── scheduler/ # Polling jobs
│   ├── web/             # Frontend
│   │   └── src/
│   │       ├── components/ # React components
│   │       ├── pages/   # Page components
│   │       └── hooks/   # Custom hooks
│   └── shared/          # Shared types
├── .env.example
└── package.json
```

## API Endpoints

### Stats
- `GET /api/stats/overview` - Overview statistics
- `GET /api/stats/downloads` - Download statistics
- `GET /api/stats/quality` - Quality analytics
- `GET /api/stats/release-groups` - Release group stats
- `GET /api/stats/upgrades` - Upgrade statistics
- `GET /api/stats/playback` - Playback statistics
- `GET /api/stats/indexers` - Indexer performance
- `GET /api/stats/records` - Records and extremes

### Media
- `GET /api/media` - List media items
- `GET /api/media/:id` - Get media item with upgrade path
- `GET /api/media/:id/history` - Get download history

### Settings
- `GET /api/settings` - Get settings
- `PATCH /api/settings` - Update settings
- `POST /api/settings/sync` - Trigger manual sync

### Connections
- `GET /api/connections` - List all connections
- `GET /api/connections/status` - Get connection summary
- `POST /api/connections` - Add a new connection
- `PATCH /api/connections/:id` - Update a connection
- `DELETE /api/connections/:id` - Remove a connection
- `POST /api/connections/:id/test` - Test a connection
- `POST /api/connections/test` - Test connection before saving

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Add early alpha warning to README

README.md, after:

# Countarr

> **Early Alpha** - This project is in early development. Bugs should be expected. Use at your own risk. Please [create an issue](https://github.com/khchop/countarr/issues) for any bugs you encounter.

A beautiful, Grafana-inspired statistics dashboard for your media server stack. Track downloads, quality upgrades, playback activity, and more from Radarr, Sonarr, Bazarr, Prowlarr, Jellyseerr, and Emby/Jellyfin.

<img width="1756" height="942" alt="dashboard-preview" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d2ee78c3-d098-418d-8ebf-e16e98111d7d" />

## Features

### Download Statistics
- Total downloads over time (by app)
- Download volume (GB per day)
- Activity heatmap (by hour and day of week)
- Downloads by source app distribution

### Quality Analytics
- Resolution distribution (480p, 720p, 1080p, 4K)
- Source distribution (BluRay, WEB-DL, HDTV, etc.)
- Codec distribution (x264, x265, AV1)
- Quality score trends over time
- Quality upgrade flow (Sankey diagram)

### Release Group Tracking
- Top release groups by count and size
- Favorite release groups monitoring
- Release group loyalty percentage

### Upgrade Tracking
- Upgrades per day
- Most upgraded items
- Average time between upgrades
- Full upgrade path visualization per item

### Playback Statistics (Emby/Jellyfin)
- Watch time over time
- Most watched content
- Watched vs unwatched ratio
- "Shame list" - downloaded but never watched

### Indexer Performance (Prowlarr)
- Success rates per indexer
- Response time trends
- Downloads by indexer distribution

### Records & Extremes
- Biggest file ever downloaded
- Most upgraded item
- Busiest download day
- Longest upgrade wait

## Quick Start

### Docker (Recommended)

```bash
docker run -d \
  --name countarr \
  -p 7474:7474 \
  -v countarr_data:/app/data \
  --restart unless-stopped \
  ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest
```

Or with Docker Compose, create a `docker-compose.yml`:

```yaml
version: '3.8'
services:
  countarr:
    image: ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest
    container_name: countarr
    restart: unless-stopped
    ports:
      - "7474:7474"
    volumes:
      - countarr_data:/app/data

volumes:
  countarr_data:
```

Then run:
```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

Access the dashboard at `http://localhost:7474` and follow the setup wizard.

### Unraid

1. Go to **Docker** > **Add Container**
2. Set the following:
   - **Repository**: `ghcr.io/khchop/countarr:latest`
   - **Port**: `7474` -> `7474`
   - **Path**: `/app/data` -> `/mnt/user/appdata/countarr`
3. Click **Apply**

### Manual Installation (Development)

```bash
git clone https://github.com/khchop/countarr.git
cd countarr
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

For production:
```bash
pnpm build
pnpm start
```

## Configuration

### Service Connections

All service connections (Radarr, Sonarr, etc.) are configured through the web interface:

1. On first launch, the setup wizard will guide you through connecting your first service
2. To add more services later, go to **Settings** in the sidebar
3. Click **Add Connection** and enter:
   - Service type (Radarr, Sonarr, etc.)
   - Connection name
   - URL (e.g., `http://localhost:7878`)
   - API key

Each connection is tested before saving to ensure it works correctly.

### Environment Variables

Only minimal server configuration uses environment variables:

| Variable | Description | Default |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `PORT` | Server port | `7474` |
| `DATABASE_PATH` | SQLite database path | `./data/countarr.db` |

### Getting API Keys

- **Radarr/Sonarr/Prowlarr**: Settings > General > Security > API Key
- **Bazarr**: Settings > General > Security > API Key
- **Jellyseerr**: Settings > General > API Key
- **Emby**: Dashboard > API Keys > New API Key
- **Jellyfin**: Dashboard > API Keys > Add API Key

## Tech Stack

- **Backend**: Node.js, Fastify, TypeScript
- **Frontend**: React, Vite, TailwindCSS
- **Database**: SQLite with Drizzle ORM
- **Charts**: Apache ECharts
- **State Management**: TanStack Query, Zustand

## Project Structure

```
countarr/
├── docker/              # Docker configuration
├── packages/
│   ├── server/          # Backend API
│   │   ├── src/
│   │   │   ├── api/     # Fastify routes
│   │   │   ├── clients/ # *arr API clients
│   │   │   ├── collectors/ # Data sync
│   │   │   ├── db/      # Database schema
│   │   │   ├── stats/   # Stat calculators
│   │   │   └── scheduler/ # Polling jobs
│   ├── web/             # Frontend
│   │   └── src/
│   │       ├── components/ # React components
│   │       ├── pages/   # Page components
│   │       └── hooks/   # Custom hooks
│   └── shared/          # Shared types
├── .env.example
└── package.json
```

## API Endpoints

### Stats
- `GET /api/stats/overview` - Overview statistics
- `GET /api/stats/downloads` - Download statistics
- `GET /api/stats/quality` - Quality analytics
- `GET /api/stats/release-groups` - Release group stats
- `GET /api/stats/upgrades` - Upgrade statistics
- `GET /api/stats/playback` - Playback statistics
- `GET /api/stats/indexers` - Indexer performance
- `GET /api/stats/records` - Records and extremes

### Media
- `GET /api/media` - List media items
- `GET /api/media/:id` - Get media item with upgrade path
- `GET /api/media/:id/history` - Get download history

### Settings
- `GET /api/settings` - Get settings
- `PATCH /api/settings` - Update settings
- `POST /api/settings/sync` - Trigger manual sync

### Connections
- `GET /api/connections` - List all connections
- `GET /api/connections/status` - Get connection summary
- `POST /api/connections` - Add a new connection
- `PATCH /api/connections/:id` - Update a connection
- `DELETE /api/connections/:id` - Remove a connection
- `POST /api/connections/:id/test` - Test a connection
- `POST /api/connections/test` - Test connection before saving

## License

MIT
